Add deprecation notice to the repo's README (#55)
DataDog/IntegrationTemplate: README.md

# DEPRECATION NOTICE

> This repository is no longer active. Creation of new Datadog integrations should follow the official [documentation pages](https://docs.datadoghq.com/developers/integrations/new_check_howto/?tab=configurationtemplate)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repository is no longer active. Creation of new Datadog integrations should follow the instructions laid out in the [integration documentation](https://docs.datadoghq.com/developers/integrations/new_check_howto/?tab=configurationtemplate).
```
